Lab: Finalizing your Learning Portfolio

Matthew Fiedler

The purpose of this private Github repositiory is to provide a place to 
transfer and provide my work. It allows me to share my work with those who I 
want or need to see it and allows me to prevent access to anyone who I would 
not like to see my work. 

My favorite assignments were tied between the first and third homeworks. I 
liked the first because it was really cool to build a website for the first 
time. It was also extremely beneficial because it motivated me to work on my 
resume. I plan on making it much better with the knowledge I have accumulated 
thorughout this course and start using it as my actual personal website. I 
also really liked the third homework because it was fun to work with the 2048 
game and see how databases worked. This was an extremely challenging 
assignment and it was immensely satisfying to complete it. 

I have grown a lot since the first day of this course. When I walked into the 
first lecture, I knew absolutely nothing about web programming and now I feel 
that I am fully capable in the field. I am far from knowing enough to do much 
beyond the scope of the class, but this class has taught me how to find 
information and apply it. 

The most important thing I learned in this course was how to work without much 
guidance. All of the specs stated what we were supposed to do very clearly, 
but they did not give much instruction as to how it should be done. A good 
example of this was with the responsive lab. I found myself with no idea how 
to do it. It was the first lab that I was completely lost in, so I spent hours 
googling and trying to figure it out. Eventually, I figured it out, but more 
importantly, I familiarized myself with many helpful resources. This proved to 
be incredibly helpful as when trying to get my final project started, I found 
myself in a similar ditch. I think that I was able to climb my way out in half 
the amount of time it would have taken me had I not had the previous 
experience.

Now that the class is over I would like to begin learning more about the 
languages and programming practices we learned. I feel that I know how to use 
these assets to create things, but I do not know enough about why they work 
and what goes in to making them work. 





